h1. Qt::JRuby Core

*WARNING* : Qt::JRuby is under active development. Everything can change.

h2. Description

Qt::JRuby core contains all you need to run Qt Jambi with JRuby. If you want more (examples, DSL, generator...), look at Qt::JRuby more.

h2. Requirements

* Java 1.5+
* Qt Jambi 4.4+
* JRuby 1.1+

h2. Installation

Download Qt Jambi if you havn't do it yet. Put qtjambi-$VERSION.jar and qtjambi-$PLATFORM-$VERSION.jar into JRUBY_HOME/lib folder. Then :

<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/nmerouze/qtjruby.git
cd /path/to/qtjruby/qtjruby-core
jruby -S rake</code></pre>

h2. Run

<pre><code>jruby -S qtjruby example4.rb</code></pre>

Add <code>-J-XstartOnFirstThread</code> option if you're under Mac OS X.

h2. Example

<pre><code>Qt::Application.initialize(ARGV)
hello = Qt::PushButton.new 'Hello World!'
hello.show
Qt::Application.exec</code></pre>

h2. Where does it work ?

I've tested Qt::JRuby under Mac OS 10.4.11 and Ubuntu 8.04 (Java 5 and 6). It's not working under Mac OS 10.5 (may be with the latest version). Windows has not been tested yet but it's probably working.

Please send me a mail if you have a problem elsewhere.

h2. Links

* Qt::JRuby : http://qtjruby.org
* Qt::JRuby sources : http://github.com/nmerouze/qtjruby
* JRuby : http://jruby.codehaus.org/
* Install JRuby : http://wiki.jruby.org/wiki/Getting_Started
* Qt Jambi 4.4 : http://trolltech.com/downloads
* Qt Jambi Documentation : http://doc.trolltech.com
* Git : http://git.or.cz/

h2. License and support

(C) 2008 Nicolas Mérouze, under an MIT licence. http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Please leave any bugs or feedback at nicolas.merouze [at] gmail [dot] com